It was a lot more of a difficult transition than I thought it would be.
You talk to the guys in the field and they're like, yeah, you get your
license, you get on boarded at a couple of firms.
And next thing you know, you're making well into the six figures.
And as we both know, that's not quite how it goes.
I was trying to get work and I was trying to get as many certifications as I
can.
Got my state farm certification.
And within 15 minutes, I was on the phone with alacrity being deployed on
Helene, I'm going to have to be running claims at a high level next week.
I don't know that I'm quite prepared for this.
So I got Fast Track in that couple of days I was packing my bags, watching all
the videos on repeat, understanding the claims process down there.
I used it as a tool consistently, you know, I mean, on a daily basis, like,
well,
we got a big tree fall claim today.
We're watching the tree fall video again.
Uh, I mean, it was really helpful down there.
Pretty much everybody was brand news.
We have a couple hundred people trying to get help from five trainers.
They do the best that they can, but being able to go in there, find exactly
what it is I'm looking for some kind of guide almost to, you know, hold my hand
through that, that process.
It'll be a reference that I'm sure I'll use for a long time.
All the Xactimate prep and everything else in there that's not even Fast Track
itself.
There's a lot more information on there than I thought there would be.
It's very well rounded at me more than prepared.
Some of the firms that I've applied to and they say, you don't have enough
experience to be on your roster.
Now they're emailing me, Hey, we'd like you to join our roster.
And I got the certification a couple of days ago.
I think I've had four or five firms reach out to me so far.
Even got a call from Pilot yesterday.
I definitely think it was worth it.